you know what is going on guys is obey
refuses here and yesterday tweeted out
asking if you guys wanted to see a
top-five place for me and I got a lot of
support on it so making this video for
you guys um basically this is not the
top 5 plays video tomorrow or sunday
there's gonna be a top 5 plays but for
now this is a video just telling you
guys what's gonna go down and I to some
eclipse so yeah for submitting clips all
you gotta do is if you hit an insane
clip upload it to YouTube public or
unlisted only and you have to send it to
me on my youtube inbox I will check
every single message always check every
single message this can be any call of
duty except for more for 2 mar 4 2 is
fucking garbage if you fucking play then
you're fucking shit and yeah don't play
fucking mar 4 to get Scott for I accept
that over more 42 and trickshots only
for now my channel gets bigger we can do
feeds also but I don't care about feeds
if you feed on feeds in your fate yeah I
know I'm saying feeds sorry but yeah
that's basically a trick shots only any
cod no setup clips obviously if you hit
a fucking storm front wall bang and the
guys in that little corner obviously
know it's set up so yeah don't set up um
the first episode is going to be ps3
only it's going to be a ps3 special I
want to help out the ps3 community
there's a lot of good players on ps3 and
they're fucking amazing and they hit be
shots so the first episode is going to
be a ps3 special like i said i'll be out
saturday or sunday hopefully and then
every other episode will be multi
console and i'll have black ops 2
specials go specials and stuff like that
but um yeah that's about it it's pretty
straightforward follow my twitter at
will be refuses for more updates on the
top 5 plays like when it's going to come
out what specials i'm bringing out so
you guys know what clips sent
and if your Xbox and you're watching
this right now and you're like ah the
first episodes ps3 only still send in
your clips send your clips whatever you
know I do you have to announce when the
top five plate is going to be always
sending your clips I'm probably going to
do these weekly or monthly no not
monthly but what am I talking about but
yeah probably weekly or every other week
hopefully and yeah there's no prizes at
the moment this is this for recognition
I'm going to try to not get over use
clips I want to eat it like the first
clips like you've ever seen on here
because I know a lot of people do tough
I plays like phase rain and stuff but
yeah hopefully I can get some really
sick ass clips multi-card obviously
remember no more for to you shitty kids
and yeah that's about it follow me on
Twitter look on the screen if you can't
fucking hear me for some reason because
I'm fucking retarded and yeah that's
about it drop a like a comment send in
your clips and you will be on my top 5
place by